# Kabir - Personal Assistant
Kabir is a personal assistant programmed to perform minor tasks like some calculations, tell stories, opening Youtube, google chrome, gmail and stackoverflow, social medias, predict time, search on wikipedia, predict weather in different cities , get top headline news from times of India, tell jokes and ask some questions too!

When the user specify the appropriate trigger words , The Kabir gets activated and executes the user commands.

The implemented Voice assistant can perform the following tasks:
•	Opens a wepage : Youtube , G-Mail , Google Chrome , StackOverflow, social medias.

             User : Hey Kabir, Open Youtube / Google chrome / Facebook / GitHub.

•	Predicts time

             User : Hey Kabir , What is the time.

•	Play video songs on YouTube

              User: Hey Kabir, Play Justin Bieber.
	      
•	Tells you a story. 
  
              User: Hey Kabir, Tell me a story.	      
              
•	Tell you Jokes

              User: Hey Kabir, Tell me some Jokes.

•	Fetch Top headlines from Times of India

              User: Hey Kabir , what's the latest news?

•	Searches data from web

              User: Hey Kabir, Search Butterfly images from web.

•	Ask geographical and computational questions

              User: Hey Kabir, What is the capital of California? / Hey Kabir what is Sin 90?


•	Predict Weather of different Cities

              User: Hey Kabir , What is the weather likely now in Kerala?

•	Abstarct necessary information about a person

              User: Hey Kabir , Who is Bill Gates ?

•	Ask Kabir about what task it can perform and who created it

              User: Hey Kabir, Who created you? / Hey Kabir , What can you do?

•	Turn off your pc when required

	           User: Hey Kabir , Please turn off my PC.


Libraries required to be installed using Pip Command:

    1.Json

    2.request

    3.Speech recognition

    4.Pyttsx3

    5.Wikipedia

    6.time

    7.Wolfram Alpha

    8.Pyjokes

    9.Pywhatkit



In-Built libraries required to be imported:

    1.os

    2.datetime

    3.web browser

    4.subprocess


Kabir uses Third party API's to predict weather in different cities and to ask computational and geographical questions. Free API keys can be generated by creating an account in the following applications.

    Open Weather Map - To forecast weather

    WolframAlpha - To answer questions and Calculations
    
    
    
    
